README for lpansi.c				 		    12/2/1993
File: lpansi.c				    		     Author: Gary Day  
							   gday@comp.uark.edu

The problem:  UNIX supplies a printing program called lp <filename> which 
	      allows the user to print a text (or any really) file to a 
	      printer.  Unfortunately, that printer is attached to the UNIX 
	      server which is not where the user usually is.  In my case, it is 
	      about 230 miles away.  I needed a similar program that would 
	      allow me to print to my home printer.  

The solution: The VT100 standard defines a printer on and off escape 
	      sequence.  [FYI: esc[5i is printer on, esc[4i is printer off.]
	      Lpansi is a VERY simple program that issues a printer on 
	      sequence, opens the file sent as an argument, reads it character
	      by character, echos it to stdout (now your local printer) and
	      ends by sending a form feed and printer off command.

Usage:  I had several purposes in mind when I wrote this.  The first was to
	find a way to replace lp in a gopher client I had with something that
	would print at home.  I also wanted to be able to print text 
	files to my home printer directly from the UNIX prompt.  A 
	natural extension of this is to add it to LYNX, and other printing
	clients as your printer command.

Syntax:	lpansi <filename>
	This program only accepts one filename as an argument, and not 
	command line options.  It could be easily modified to accept more
	but that will be up to you to do.  It serves my needs.  

Thanks: Thanks go to Michael Seibel on the PINE development team for 
	helping me find the correct ANSI codes to turn off the printer.  
	I found out later that PINE distributes a similar program called 
	ansiprt which is supposed to do the same thing.  Here, the source
	code is provided so you may incorporate the concept directly in your
	program.

Disclaimer:  [Everyone has one so...] I make no promises whatsoever about 
	     how this will work for you.  If you have VT100 and/or ANSI, it
	     should work just fine.  If it doesn't, quit using it.  :)  This
	     program is free to use and modify, but try to keep my name with
	     it.  I don't do that much cool stuff, so I need all the credit
	     I can get.  Thanks.

	          *** End of README for lpansi.c ***
